F133 ServiceWorker in Workers (#36726)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/api/serviceworker/index.md

- {{domxref("ServiceWorkerRegistration.installing")}} — when the service worker is in `installing` state
- {{domxref("ServiceWorkerRegistration.waiting")}} — when the service worker is in `installed` state

> The `ServiceWorker` interface is the target of several lifecycle events — `install` and `activate` — and functional events including `fetch`. A `ServiceWorker` object has an associated {{domxref("ServiceWorker.state")}}, related to its lifecycle.

Reviewer: I'm not sure this is correct, is it? I thought the `ServiceWorker` is basically the representation of the service worker in the window thread (or the thread of whichever context registered it). Events like `install` and `fetch` are fired on the `ServiceWorkerGlobalScope`, i.e. they are global events in the SW thread.

Author: You're right - I didn't even question this, just didn't like the old wording.

```suggestion
The {{domxref("ServiceWorker.state")}} property and [`statechanged` event](/en-US/docs/Web/API/ServiceWorker/statechange_event) can be used to check and observe changes in the lifecycle-state of the object's associated service worker.
Related lifecycle events, such as [`install`](/en-US/docs/Web/API/ServiceWorkerGlobalScope/install_event) and [`activate`](/en-US/docs/Web/API/ServiceWorkerGlobalScope/activate_event) are fired at the service worker itself.
```
